documentation added to repo (#115)
elifesciences/data-hub-core-airflow-dags: README.md

# Data Hub Core Dags

This repository consists of the core main data pipelines that is deployed and run in the data hub's airflow instance.
Typically, a generic data pipeline is implemented here which needs to be appropriately configured for it to move the data from a data source, transform it, and write it to our data warehouse.
Generic data pipelines implemented so far include
 - Crossref Event Data Pipeline
 - Google Spreadsheet Data Pipeline
 - S3 CSV Data Pipeline
 - Generic Web Api Data Pipeline
 - Google Analytics Data Pipeline
 - Twitter Data Pipeline

The sample configuration for the different data pipelines can be found in `sample_data_config` directory of this project

## Running The Pipeline Locally
This repo is designed to run in as a containerized application in the development environment.
To run this locally, review the `docker-compose.dev.override.yml` and `docker-compose.yaml` files, and ensure that the different credentials files, tokens or strings required by different data pipelines are correctly provided if you will have to run the data pipeline.

> Following are the credentials that youmay need to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the credentials that you may need to provide
```
